hello and welcome to the gamer
express the video game at the movies often
gave more than average results
even dramatically mediocre in
some cases and it is thought the course
super mario movie but when the
developers are involved in
project it changes everything and that's all
that could be worth the license of one
most famous platform games
10 for excluded on ps3 I named
ratchet & clank that will land at
cinema indeed insomniac games
series developer announced this
morning an adaptation
cinematic of their game was in
construction site
the film will be released in 2015 and it will put
of course on stage our ratchet hero
accompanied by his little assistant the
robot clank and a first trailer even
was presented evolving for ten years
on playstation ratchet & clank offers itself
so the switch to the big screen and the
notoriety that goes with
indeed if the title is well known to
players on ps3 he does not have the aura yet
of our hero of this kind of mario game
and if the film stages the plumber
Italian remains to this day one of the most
big turnips in the history of
cinematic game adaptations
video sony promises us that it will only
not the case for his license so a
sommier games will play a decisive role
in production the development of
scenario of animation and creation
characters
the film script is currently
written by the writer of the Ratchet games
& clank
according to the American website varieties the
actors who lend their voice to
characters in the game will also be of
the part in the movie is queen of
hearts the production company that
are working on the movie would be in the process
to negotiate with big stars
Hollywood that would come as well
lent their voice for this feature film and
finally the story will obviously be centered
on the duo ratchet & clank she's us
promises to be true to the game world
but will also be independent of the frame
already released titles
so those who will discover ratchet &
clank at the cinema in 2015 will appreciate it
as much as those who already know
their adventures on playstation if you
have a ps3 but not all
the titles in the series all episodes
will also be on sale from
April 30 on the playstation store and in
waiting for ratchet & clank in the cinema
in 2015
in the rest of the game play of the series
batman arkam in multiplayer no one
was expecting it and yet that's what
should arrive soon
according to the kotaku website that revealed the info
last night at least one multi mode
would be integrated into the next
batman arkam origin
to play in the team of the
joker and skips to confront batman
and robin
that's our question of the day
what do you think of the multi mode in the
next batman we are waiting for your opinion in
the comments under the video call of
on tablets and smartphones
perhaps for soon in any case to
little vision would like to look
on the issue and just talk
in a conference that took place yesterday
in Los Angeles
a charge of activities there
indicated that the studio think about
way to transcribe the call of
duty on touch tablets and on
mobile his ambition is to remain faithful
to the license and his grandiose universe and
immersive
in short, we'll have to dig our heads
to keep the same spirit on a
4 inch screen
we obviously expect to see that
question of the day comes from stéphane
rummel who are asking what can we
expect
electronic arts at e3 next june
hello stéphane then your question falls to
peak since there is announced tonight
what his lecture at the e3 would take place
June 10 in Los Angeles for us
present a lot of games including fifa 14
battlefield 4 and news for
the moment remained mysterious we think
of course to a bioware project
the program is already very attractive
we will be there to make you
live the event as if you were there
express gamer it's over for
today do not miss this evening 19h
our report on our expedition
mysterious in a fps irl you are told
all evening but do not miss it
not you're going to laugh hi to all
good day and I wanted to